Add doc for interpretability (#369)
microsoft/EconML: doc/spec/interpretability.rst

Interpretability
================

Our package offers multiple interpretability tools to better understand the final model CATE.

Tree Interpreter
----------------

Tree Interpreter provides a presentation-ready summary of the key features that explain the biggest differences in responsiveness to an intervention.

> :class:`.SingleTreeCateInterpreter` trains a single shallow decision tree for the treatment effect :math:`\theta(X)` you learnt from any of

Reviewer: In the US, "learned" is almost always used instead of "learnt"

```suggestion
:class:`.SingleTreeCateInterpreter` trains a single shallow decision tree for the treatment effect :math:`\theta(X)` you learned from any of
```

our available CATE estimators on a small set of feature :math:`X` that you are interested to learn heterogeneity from. The model will split on the cutoff

> points that maximize the treatment effect difference in each leaf. Finally each leaf will be a subgroup of customers respond to a treatment differently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
points that maximize the treatment effect difference in each leaf. Finally each leaf will be a subgroup of customers that respond to a treatment differently
```

> points that maximize the treatment effect difference in each leaf. Finally each leaf will be a subgroup of customers respond to a treatment differently

Reviewer: Do we want to phrase this in terms of customers, or try to make it more generic?

Author: Sure I re-phrase this to be more generic

> with other leaves. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from other leaves. 
```

For instance: 

.. testsetup::

    import numpy as np
    X = np.random.choice(np.arange(5), size=(100,3))
    Y = np.random.normal(size=(100,2))
    y = np.random.normal(size=(100,))
    T = np.random.choice(np.arange(3), size=(100,2))
    t = T[:,0]
    W = np.random.normal(size=(100,2))
    

.. testcode::

    from econml.cate_interpreter import SingleTreeCateInterpreter
    from econml.dml import LinearDML
    est = LinearDML()
    est.fit(y, t, X=X, W=W)
    intrp = SingleTreeCateInterpreter(include_model_uncertainty=True, max_depth=2, min_samples_leaf=10)
    # We interpret the CATE model's behavior based on the features used for heterogeneity
    intrp.interpret(est, X)
    # Plot the tree
    intrp.plot(feature_names=['A', 'B', 'C'], fontsize=12)

Policy Interpreter
------------------

> Policy Interpreter offers similar functionality but taking cost into consideration. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe change the wording here. The policy interpreter, instead of fitting a tree to learn groups that have a different treatment effect, it tries to split the samples into different treatment groups. So in the case of binary treatments it tries to create sub-groups such that all samples within the group have either all positive effect or all negative effect. Thus it tries to separate responders from non-responders, as opposed to trying to find groups that have different levels of response. 

This way you can construct an interpretable personalized policy where you treat the groups with a postive effect and don't treat the group with a negative effect. Our policy tree provides the recommended treatment at each leaf node.

Author: Done!

Instead of training a tree model regressor on :math:`\theta(X)`, :class:`.SingleTreePolicyInterpreter` trains a tree model classifier by using whether the effect is above the cost as

> label. Finally we could make simple rules about what kind of customers we should target on in order to maximum the outcome of interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
label. This results in simple rules to determine what kind of customers we should target on in order to maximize the outcome of interest.
```
